    Codepen LINK:
     https://codepen.io/Dislaenvy/pen/eYBdBBb?editors=1100
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    HTML that gives meaning or context tp our code. We use it for accesibility purpose

    2. What is HTML used for?    
      It's used to structure a web page and its content.  For example, content could be structured within a set of paragraphs, a list of bulleted points, or using images and data tables.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
      Attributes are special words used inside the opening tag to control the element's behaviour. Attributes are always specified in the start tag (or opening tag).

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?    
       H1 its use for title of the page. And we should use it once for page.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes?
       SRC, HREF

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
       title, links to CSS and JavaScript aldo navavigation bar, Company logo etc.

    7. What is an id? 
       It's the element selector and are used to identify an element based on the name assign to these parameters. 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
       The HTML id attribute is used to specify a unique id for an HTML element. you only can use one id.
       
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
       once.

    10. What is a class? 
        The class attribute is often used to point to a class name in a style sheet. It can also be used by a JavaScript to access and manipulate elements with the specific class name.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Any elements.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        Multiple HTML elements can share the same class.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
         target="_blank" attribute to your links (anchor tags).

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
        if the image cannot be displayed. The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it 

    15. How do I reference an id?
     # fallow by an ID name.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
        section is a Semantic HTML and div not

    17. What is CSS used for?  
        style the webside or page.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
         h2{ }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        with class you can create multiple of them and with ID NOT. Class is better use to stylethe page because you can tagert multiple object with the same class.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        . plus class mane

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .huma p {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        This is used to match elements that are direct children of other elements, which is a little more precise than the traditional contextual selector.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar a:link .sidebar a:visited

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
         Is a keyword added to a selector that lets you style a specific part of the selected element.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        letter-spacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted black;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *{}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
         /* comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
      git pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    git ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        git rm we have to be careful because the file will also be deleted from the filesystem

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        it's easy to undo changes back and forth with a precise explanation of the changes that are made. It has the ability of: Keeping a track of the changes i.e. different versions of the same file. It also keeps a record of all the files present in a project.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
        every 20 minutes you make changes

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin branch name

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        fork, copy link, git clone, cd folder name, git checkout -b branch name, code ., git add ., git commit -m "comment", git push -u origin branch name. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
